Hello again and welcome back in the last lesson we started creating our first style that CSSA file in
today's lesson.
Go ahead inactivate.
Our first thing in the world press and I mean so let's begin as go ahead and continue editing the style
that says file this time we'll type in here.
The themes version something that we don't have yet mistyping here version our version would be one
point.
For now since this is the first version of the thing.
But what for.
Let's imagine you send this thing to the Wordpress repository and make it available for download.
When you the author release a new version of the theme we're press you'll be able to recognize that
there is a new version available and ask the site owner to activate the thing on the dashboard.
If you visit the page where WordPress offers the free things you'll notice that all the things that
are there follow this rule.
So let's open up our browser and the address is WordPress dot o or G for Slash themes.
And here we have a list of many many things.
If you click on More info for any of these themes you'll see that they all have a screenshot.
The Sims update information seems your L and the description of.
Are the things that we can't see here.
Are tags but what are they for.
Basically Blistex act as search facilitators So anyone looking for something with certain characteristics
can find it easier since they are all identified by these tags.
For example let's assume you want to download a thing that has a left sidebar or is either a single
page or is a thing that targets educational websites or has two columns.
Anyway it's fodder for and it can do that for our film as well as go back to the editor.
We type in here Daggs and start inserting our tags but not that fast.
There are some rules to follow here.
If this is a thing you are uploading to the Wordpress repository you should follow the list of tags
available on the site.
Will be visiting now.
By the way I'll make this link available as an additional information for this lesson OK.
But again see if we scroll down a bit that we have a list of tags I think can use and the rules.
The thing that should fulfill should be allowed to use that tag.
So it's not enough just to have a list of tags.
For example if your field has a text called full with template it must be in this format.
I mean it really must have a full width template is not enough to just write or create a list of tags
out of nothing.
So let's go back once again to the editor and write out a list of tags here.
According to our So two columns
left sidebar custom Hatter custom menu
custom logo
blog if you say desire and go back to the admin area you'll see that this information becomes available
once we submit this thing to WordPress.
If this is your intention of course the word breasting.
We also receive that information as you can see our tags are all here now.
And also the version that we just informed.
So this is the easiest way to create a theme WordPress look at this.
It didn't hurt at all and we have our first theme created within the Wordpress admin area.
Isn't that cool.
Great.
We have our phone ready.
Now we can go ahead and activate it and previewed on the home page also called the front end.
But what will happen when we visit the home page.
Let's check that out.
Wow what a shame.
There's nothing.
It's completely empty.
Why it is a..
The answer is quite simple.
You must already imagine what's the matter.
Because our index that BHB file is also empty.
Or maybe this file is not working OK.
We cannot be in doubt.
So let's do a little test in our index that be happy to see if it's really working as and create a basic
structure within this file.
So a lot of you asked me how can I do that.
I just typed this exclamation mark and I have this whole H.M.S. structure.
How do I do that.
Well in our sublime text editor a fairly easy way to create a structure is to use an extension called
M-ID.
I'll make available to you the link of a very interesting tutorial that they choose how to install it.
If you are using subline text this extension greatly streamlines the life of the Web developer making
it easier to write comments.
In our case let's just type an exclamation point or exclamation mark and hit the tab key.
Very very easy Sidor magic the substrate auto completes and prints out the complete HMO file structure
on the screen for us.
So what am I going to do here.
I am going to change informations.
I'll be adding just title to the site and also a new paragraph
no one to save that file and go back to the home page.
Now you'll notice that the browser is already showing the base title as I form in the mail.
The content of the paragraph is also shown here and that confirms that our file.
The next page is really working and are famous well so we already have our first word pressing available
within the admin area.
Activated and easily identifiable.
We also have a working index that page file.
We then created our first WordPress theme.
But of course we will not stop here in the next lesson we will learn how to make the index that BP file
much more versatile.
Saw it for you in the next lesson again and then and.